Update authentication.md (#24)
IntuitDeveloper/intuit-api-docs: docs/getting-started/authentication.md

---
layout: default

> title: Set up and authenticate your app

Reviewer: Preference - can we keep sidebar titles short?  It seems long, 2 lines on the sidebar
<img width="384" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-20 at 11 30 08 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1093919/115446254-c6c27d80-a1cb-11eb-8894-7a5165fa765e.png">

The page content can have the longer title if we want, but trying to keep the sidebar links short if possible

nav_order: 1
parent: Getting Started
---

# Set up and authenticate your app

> Let's get started. Intuit Ecosystem API gives you incredible flexibility to build creative solutions around key business problems. You can create client or server apps from the ground up, or [start with common use cases](https://intuitdeveloper.github.io/intuit-api-docs/docs/use-cases/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's get started. Intuit Ecosystem API gives you incredible flexibility to build creative solutions around key business problems. You can create client or server apps from the ground up, or [start with common use cases](../../use-cases/). 
```

Here's what you need to get up and running.

## Step 1: Get to know the QuickBooks API platform
Already familiar with Intuit Ecosystem API and GraphQL? Feel free to skip this section. 

If you're new, check out these resources so you can develop with confidence:

> * [Learn about Intuit Ecosystem API](https://intuitdeveloper.github.io/intuit-api-docs/docs/faq/graphql-vs-rest/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Learn about Intuit Ecosystem API](../../faq/graphql-vs-rest/)
```

Reviewer: Is this the right link title - "Learn about Intuit Ecosystem API"?  The link itself takes you specifically to a page about details of GraphQL vs REST, not really generic information about "Intuit Ecosystem API"

I'm actually not sure if linking to that page is helpful at this point, learning about GraphQL vs REST seems like something specific if people are interested later on, not as an intro to our Ecosystem API

Author: True, we can remove - I am in the process of trying to create a section of that doc that speaks specifically to each framework and then compares. Thought it was better to include it and let people ignore.

> * [Learn about GraphQL](https://intuitdeveloper.github.io/intuit-api-docs/docs/graphql-concepts/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Learn about GraphQL](../../graphql-concepts/)
```

All apps need access tokens to connect to our API servers. Intuit uses the [OAuth 2.0 protocol](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/develop/authentication-and-authorization/oauth-2.0). 

Get your app's credentials: 
1. [Sign in to (or sign up for)](https://developer.intuit.com/) your developer account.
2. Select the **Dashboard** tab on the toolbar.
3. Select and open your app. 
4. If you're starting with a sandbox environment, go to the **Development** section and select **Keys & OAuth**. If you're authenticating a production app, go to the **Production** section and select **Keys & OAuth**.
5. Copy the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. 

Use the Client ID and Client Secret to [set up OAuth2.0](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/develop/authentication-and-authorization/oauth-2.0). This process grants access tokens so your app can make requests and get responses from our servers.

> **Tip**: Want to try the authentication process with demo code? Check out the [OAuth 2.0 playground](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/develop/authentication-and-authorization/oauth-2.0-playground).

## Step 6: Test GraphQL queries

> Use a [GraphQL Integrated Developer Environment (IDE)](https://intuitdeveloper.github.io/intuit-api-docs/docs/getting-started/graphql-ide/) to test queries during development. You can use Insomnia or GraphiQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest using a [GraphQL Integrated Developer Environment (IDE)](../graphql-ide/), like Insomnia or GraphiQL, to test queries during development.
```
They don't have to use Insomnia or GraphiQL, those are just two options.  In theory they could use CURL and not even use an IDE (wouldn't recommend it).  Just proposing a slight rephrase to make it clear that these are options, not mandates.

Author: Thank you, this is great feedback.

## Step 7: Develop your app

Now your app is onboarded and authenticated. You have everything you need to build and test queries!

> Check out [GraphQL best practices](https://intuitdeveloper.github.io/intuit-api-docs/docs/faq/best-practices/) to develop fast, robust, and reliable apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [GraphQL best practices](../../faq/best-practices/) to develop fast, robust, and reliable apps.
```
